 Man, what's the matter with you?
 No, my eyes... my eyes are killing me.
 You want some Visine, man?
 My... eyes...
 ... they're burning...
 Dude, how much did you smoke?
 I didn't smoke anything.
 In every organism on 
Earth there exists a mutator gene - the X-factor, as it has come to be known.  It is the basic building block of evolution - the reason we have evolved from homo habilus...
 Accompanying it is a GRAPH with a DIAGONAL LINE indicating the ascent of the "human being" as we know it. Accompanying the graph are evolving images of the "evolution of man."
 You're avoiding the question I posed to you at the beginning of the hearing, Ms. Grey.  Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
 I am avoiding a question that is decidedly loaded, Senator.  The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
 Well, we do license people to drive.
 But not to live.
 Ms. Grey -- you work at a school for mutants in Westchester, New York.  Can you tell the members of this committee what exactly you are teaching these mutants?
 Math.  History.  Science.  English. Athletics --
 You wouldn't happen to be teaching them how to use their powers to --
 Control, Senator...  we teach them control.
 This was taken by a state police officer in Secaucus, New Jersey.  A man in a minor altercation literally melted the car in front of him.  I don't know where you come from, Ms. Grey, but where I come from, you don't go melting people's cars when they cut you off.  You do it the old fashioned way -- you give 'em the finger.  But what you presume to tell this committee -
 I presume nothing, I am here to tell you that in time, the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet.  Perhaps even your children, Senator.
 I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
 Dr. Grey, how do you feel about the Senator's Statement / How is the mutant community reacting?  Is it true that mutants are dangerous? / Is there a mutant plot to overthrow the government?
 We're not the ones to be afraid of.
 It's not gonna be that easy.
 Hand me the dykes.
 Preparations are nearly completed for the upcoming anniversary gala celebrating the formation of the United Nations.  With nearly every invitation confirmed, the occasion promises to be the largest single gathering of world leaders in history.
 ...and the leading voice in the call for Mutant registration is Senator Scott Frank Kelly, of Florida, who claims to support the constitutional rights of the genetically enhanced, but whose crusade to register mutants is gaining popularity.
 Not this one again.
 I lost him.
 How?
 It was Xavier's people.  They knew.
 I want him.  That is all they know because that is all you know.
 I think the President's pre-occupation with international affairs has drawn his attention away from this problem. American's deserve the right to decide whether they want their children to be in school with mutants.  To be taught by mutants.  They also have the right to know the dangers.  That's the purpose of registration.  And mark my words, if the President isn't strong enough to do what needs to be done...
 And you may mark my words, Senator Kelly.  All your plotting, all your hatred.  I have plans for you.  I've seen you come, and I will see you go.
 He then drops the dog tag on the desk, Magneto stands and heads for the door, Sabretooth follows.  The television shuts off and Magneto waves a hand as though beckoning someone to follow.  Or some thing.
 Is that what you're looking for?
 A piece.  Only a piece.
 Is it enough?
 Enough for a test.
 I can't believe the President can't see it.  I wouldn't be surprised if he has a mutant on his staff.
 Have you thought of a demonstration of some kind?  Maybe use the UN Summit to our advantage.  The whole world will be watching.
 I'm not interested in the whole world, Henry... I'm interested in America. Let the rest of the world deal with mutants their own way.
 Where to?
 Home.
 Dulles Airport.
 Where is it?
 ... until the Emperor Constantine converted to Christianity.  With that one act, history was changed.  The Christians who were once prosecuted and fed to the lions, became accepted.
 So as their leaders went, so did follow the hearts and minds of the people of the Roman empire.  Which made for some very happy Christians.
 Good morning, Logan.
 Would you like some breakfast?
 How do you know my name?
 You're not the only one with gifts.
 What am I doing here?
 I brought you here so that you would be safe from Magneto.
 Who?
 A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why, but until we find out, I must ask you to stay.
 No thanks.
 Where the hell are we?
 Pilot?
 Dear God... Dear... God.
 You... wha... Who are you... Where is Henry?
 Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator.
 You mutant bastards...
 Whatever you do to me... no matter what you'll make me right.  Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.
 Gosh, I hope so.
 People like you are the reason people like me exist.
 And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school as a child.
 Are you a "God-fearing man," Senator?
 The intention of registration act -
 INTENTION?  Intention, Senator?  We are talking about mankind here.  His fear.  It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps.  Studied for weaknesses.  And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth.
 What is it you intend to do to me?
 Let's just say, God works too slowly.
 We've found him.
 Where?
 Oh... Oh God... what have you done to me?
 Welcome to the future... brother.
 Hey.
 Where are you going?
 Awww... look guys she's shy.
 Maybe that's why she's alone.  Is that why you're alone?
 I'll keep you company.
 Hey, what did you do?
 Don't touch me.
 Hey Brad, she's a mutant!
 How about you sit down and leave the kid alone, alright?
 She's a mutant.
 Yeah, well, nobody's perfect.
 I think you should take a seat little fella.
 Listen -- I don't want any trouble.
 Well you got trouble.
 Freeze... transit police.  Drop your weapon.
 You can come out now, Logan.  You're among friends.
 Freeze!
 You Homo Sapiens and your guns.
 That's enough, Max!
 I'll never understand your regard for them, Charles.
 And I'll never understand terrorists.
 I am trying to save our kind, Charles. You should do the same.
 Not at the cost of lives, Max.
 Magneto.
 It's alright... it's alright.
 The two in Alaska.  Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time?  Still tinkering with Cerebro?
 What do you want with him?
 Can't read my mind?
 Is that so?
 Still trying to make the world safe for our kind.  Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves -- definitively.
 You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me, Max. What is it like these days?
 Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes.  Now come on Charles.  For old times sake, for your sake...  Leave him to me.
 Do it again.
 I'M BLIND.
 I have to go to the bathroom.
 PSYCHIC CONTROL.
 If I could make you understand.  If you could just be made to see it the way I do.  The way it's going to be.
 The way what is going to be?
 I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness, Charles.  And this one gets a front row seat.
 What do you mean to do?
 This checkmate goes to you.  I didn't want to hurt anyone.  But you leave me no choice.
 WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO?
 Look, I appreciate your concern.  But, I do better on my own.
 You got less than sixty miles today. I'll make you a deal.  Two days. If we haven't figured out what Magneto wants with you by then...  I'll bring you back myself.
 What are you going to do with her?
 Rogue is a beautiful girl, with an extraordinary power.  One that even her own family isn't able to accept. She's been on her own for weeks now, searching for a home.  A place to belong.
 Forty-eight hours, old man.  But if you cross me, I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you.
 Deal.
 Is there such a thing as too much security?  A possible complication adding to the United Nations Anniversary is the sheer number of security personnel for what will be the largest single summit in the history of the planet.
 While the Secret Service has never had difficulty handling one or even several world leaders, it has never had to handle the daunting task of watching over all of them.
 What have you bastards done to me?
 HEY.
 How are we feeling today, Senator? Advanced, I hope...
 I'll find him.
 ALIVE.
 Anything else I can get you?
 Some cigars.  Case of beer.
 There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds.
 I won't light the cigars - how about that?
 I'll see what I can do -- You should get some sleep.  Even with your healing ability, you're going to be hurting for a while.
 What if I like the pain?
 The Professor said you were a solider. Actually, I believe he used the word mercenary.
 Yeah?  Well I don't like to talk about my past.
 Maybe, the Professor could help you with that.
 By reading my thoughts?
 If necessary.
 What if they're naughty?
 Get some shut-eye, slick.
 Scott.. I -
 I don't like him being here.
 What are you talking about?
 You saw what happened tonight.  You think Magneto won't come after him again.  You think he won't come here if necessary.  This is a school, for God's sake.
 If Magneto is planning to use Logan for some terrible purpose it's our responsibility to do something.
 I have a bad feeling about this.
 You know I love you, Scott.
 Adamantium.  Until today I thought it to be a myth.  Impenetrable, unbendable, resistant to the most extreme heat, cold, indestructible.
 It's been grafted to his entire skeleton.
 He also has accelerated healing abilities - uncharted regenerative capability, making his age impossible to determine.  He could very well be older than I am.
 Is the Adamantium part of his mutation?
 No.  Someone put it there, relying on his healing abilities to keep him alive.
 What do you think Magneto wants with him?
 I'm not entirely sure it's "him" that Magneto wants.
 AND VISCOUS.
 Mixed with screams, it is unbearable.
 DON'T TOUCH HER.
 Mom, is that a mutant?
 Why is everybody up at sunrise?
 The sun is setting, Logan.  You've been asleep for nineteen hours.
 What did she do to me?
 She borrowed your power to save her life.  When she touches someone, she absorbs their strengths -- their gifts.  In your case -- your ability to heal.  That's why she keeps her body covered.
 I felt like she almost killed me.
 If she held on any longer she could have.
 And you think it helps calling her Rogue?
 We've learned to embrace what we are rather than hide it like an affliction.  For some, it has become their identity.  You mock the names these people choose but they wear them as badges of pride.
 Inspiring -- Now what am I doing here?
 I wanted to talk to you.
 Of course.
 Let's take a walk.
 How long have you been in Alaska?
 I don't remember.  Is that what you wanted to ask me?
 I just wanted to make you clear on something.  Personally, I don't care what Magneto wants with you.  He can take those claws of yours and use them for Barbecue skewers.  What I do care about is the safety of this group. The Professor is in charge, and after the Professor, there's me.  So, for the remainder of your time here, you're going to keep that killer instinct of yours locked down so no one else gets hurt.
 I've served with men like you before. Methodical.  Systematic -- Naive.  You know what happens to those men in a real fight?
 You know, you --
 Shut up.  I got no interest in you, Xavier,  or your... X-Men.
 Cyclops!
 I have a question for you, Chuck. What's the point?
 The point of what?
 This.  This whole God damn thing.  Making yourselves into some sort of "team" of super-powered freaks. Teaching wayward mutants about classical literature.  For what?
 The point is to step into a more evolved position of social responsibility.  To recognize that there is a world out there and that we mutants are as much a part of it as normal human beings.
 What if it never happens?  What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy? -- This place is gonna be one giant cemetery.
 Now that's Magneto talking.
 No.  That's me talking.  And you know what?  It's only been thirty-two hours and you still have no idea what this guy wants with me.
 I believe he wants you for your Adamantium.
 Professor.
 What is it?
 Rogue's missing.
 Where are we going?
 To find Rogue.
 How?
 The brainwaves of mutants are quite different than those of the average human being.
 You designed this yourself?
 Actually, Magneto helped me put it together.
 He helped you?
 We were friends once...  But that was a long time ago.
 I don't belong...  I don't belong... I'm sorry... so sorry... there's nowhere...
 I've found her, Westchester Mall.
 I'll go.
 No...  I'll go.
 O.K. sport... you go.
 Rogue.
 I'm sorry.  I'm not like the rest of you -- I'm tired of hurting people.
 It's okay.
 Why did I have to be like this?  What purpose does it serve?
 Scream for me.
 Dear God.
 GET OUT OF THE WAY.  GET OUT OF THE WAY.
 SOMEONE HELP ME.  SHE'S NOT BREATHING.
 ROGUE?
 HELP ME.  STORM ISN'T BREATHING.
 YOU HAVE TO COME AND GET ME.  I CAN'T SEE.
 Here, here, here... a little left. Careful.
 Oh God.
 But why would they do this?
 You should always work with a spotter.
 He's busy right now.
 I was thinking maybe you and me could go into town.
 Were you now?
 What do you say?
 Not interested.
 Let go.
 Suit yourself.
 He's uptight.
 He takes his work seriously.
 He takes himself seriously.
 What is it you're failing to get at? Are you interested in me?
 I'm just interested.
 Logan, do you see this ring?
 I've seen a lot of rings.
 Yeah, I'll bet you have.
 Rogue, where have you been?
 Logan.  The Professor wants you to come with me right away.
 Hey Rogue, tell Jean what you were telling me last night.
 The Professor--
 You remember.  About women.
 Logan--
 Whatever you say about them being the same...
 Logan, what are you doing?
 This ain't Rogue!
 Telekinesis.
 Jean!
 I do love a good check mate.
 What do you want?
 Come with me and I'll let her live.
 You think I care about her?  I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.
 Then why don't you kill her.
 It's going to be alright.
 When Rogue left the mansion, they must have followed her.
 Yes... they wanted me out of the way. If I had been here... I...
 What's wrong with him?
 His vital signs are weak and getting weaker.
 I'm in the process of running more tests.  But it seems that every minute that goes by he gets weaker.
 Can you help him?
 I don't know.
 It's gone.  The neuro-filter, someone removed it.
 What does that mean?
 The neuro-filter acts like a surge protector, regulating the infinite flow of information from Cerebro to the Professor's mind.  It's what keeps him from being crushed by the consciousness of millions.
 Can the Professor repair his own mind?
 I'm afraid without Cerebro's help, he won't have the strength to heal himself -- And without the neuro- filter... there's no Cerebro.
 He's already losing control of his vitals.  Respiratory.  Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning, I'm afraid.
 We have to find Magneto.
 Are you all right?
 No.  I'm...  I don't know if we can do this without Charles.
 He put you in charge for a reason, Scott.
 Dr. Grey?...
 Dr. Grey.
 Senator?
 How did you get in here?
 Your front door was damaged... there was a hole...
 I'm Beast.
 Of course you are.
 I'm sorry to come here, Ms. Grey.  I was afraid if I went to a hospital, they would...
 Treat you like a mutant?  We are not what you think.  Not all of us.
 Tell it to the ones that did this to me.
 I don't see these spikes you're talking about.  I'm going to give you an antibiotic for the - Oh my God.
 Hello, Rogue?
 Hold on, I'll get the others.
 Senator... Kelly?
 Yes...  Who are you?
 I am Charles Xavier.  This is my school.
 I was kidnapped...  They killed GUYRICH... mutants...  There was a light... a bright... light.
 Whatever you do to me... no matter what -- you'll make me right.  Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.
 And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school as a child.
 The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change.
 I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
 In every organism on Earth there exits a mutator gene -- The X-factor.  The beginnings of another stage of evolution.
 God works too slowly.
 What have you bastards done to me?
 Mom, is that a mutant?
 You're a leader Senator Kelly, you set an example...
 ... A Demonstration of some kind?
 Because if more of you... were like more of us... like more of us...
 ... the UN summit... the whole world will be watching.
 What is it you intend to do to me?
 Oh...  Oh God... what have you done to me?
 Dear God.... dear... God.
 ... the largest single summit in the history of the planet.
 ... the mutator gene will activate.
 Welcome to the future... brother... The brotherhood of mutants.
 It appears as though Magneto has built a machine which somehow triggers the mutator gene in normal human beings. And he is using Adamantium as its core.
 Its core?
 Thomas Edison knew how to make the light bulb.  He had the energy source. He had the vacuum.  But he didn't have the filament.  He tried metal after metal but nothing would hold to power.
 ... until he found tungsten.
 Correct...  Apparently, Adamantium is the only metal strong enough to hold the energy this machine produces.  He used the Adamantium in Logan's dog tag to test it on the Senator.  And I assume now he plans to use the rest of Logan's skeleton for a larger demonstration.
 For what purpose?
 Yes -- Only there's a problem.  The mutator gene is not responding to the radiation the way it would in mother nature.  It's forcing the body's cells to replicate thousands of times faster than they're accustomed to.  The Senator's body is literally burning itself out.  Scott -- this machine kills people and I don't think Magneto realizes it.
 So where do you think he's planning this larger demonstration?
 There...
 I wish I could go.
 We all do.
 Storm.  Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure, he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island.  It is my feeling that Magneto has to--
 Beast.
 You can still hear me... can't you.
 Hey.  I'm sorry.  About Logan.  I was jealous.
 Well, I think that's perfectly understandable.
 I'll tell you one thing though.
 What's that?
 He calls me sport one more time, and I'll blow a watermelon-sized hole through him.
 With the ceremonies beginning shortly, it looks as though the last of the dignitaries have landed at Newark and Teterboro airports and will be arriving momentarily.  It would seem the United Nations has had their wish tonight.  There doesn't seem to be an empty seat in the house.
 ENGULFING THEM.
 Radar Stealth Mode checks out.  All right, there'll be less security north of the George Washington Bridge.  I'm taking her down.
 Into the Hudson?
 Uh-huh.
 V.T.O.L. off.
 Where am I?
 You're backstage at the encore of creation.
 What are you going to do?
 In the road to survival, there is always sacrifice Logan.  We are the future... not them.  We must protect ourselves.  After tonight, when the leaders of the world return home -- They will return as brothers, as mutants... and our cause will be theirs.  This is survival, I know you understand that, Logan... or is it Wolverine?
 Give me your tired, your poor...
 The lights on the Statue of Liberty are off.
 Beast said that he would have to take a high vantage point.
 Let's dock over there.
 Liberty One, Liberty One, this is Horizon, do you copy.
 Go, Horizon.
 Liberty, what's the situation with the lights, over?
 Uhhh, Horizon, we've seem to have had a shutdown at the generator, we're five by five.  There now, checking it out.  Everything is fine other-wise.
 Roger Liberty one.  Horizon out.
 Darling...  We're clear.
 We should check out operations, see if the Secret Service is still around.
 LOOK OUT.
 I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission.  Jean, can you raise me up there?
 It's too far.
 Storm, Rogue, -- you take the south entrance.  Jean and I will go in here.
 Be careful everyone...  I think we may have company.
 Rogue... run.
 Over there.
 Get down!
 Lights on.
 Roger.  We see the lights.
 Don't you people die?
 Jean.  Jean stop.  Stop moving.
 SLIME, splitting it in half.  He pulls the remains away from her face.
 I didn't mean to scare you.
 Thank God.  Logan... we have to help Storm we have to.
 I'll go back, but first let me find you a safe place.
 Mystique...  Mystique, where are you?
 Jean... can you?
 I'm sorry.  I'm not strong enough.
 If the temperature changes a single degree...  I only need one hostage.
 ... and I know you can -- It is a five minute run from the furthest distance on this island.  If you are not back in this time...  I will kill these friends of Xavier's.  Including the young lady from the gymnasium.  I think they came here to "rescue you"
 Xavier is dying you know.  Five minutes Logan.
 Here -- Xavier's life.
 Magneto.  I've seen the results of your machine.  I've seen Senator Kelly.
 Ahhhh, so the good Senator survived his fall?  And the swim to shore?  He is stronger than I ever could have imagined.
 The experiment was a failure.  Kelly didn't make it.  Yes, you were successful in activating his mutator gene, but you failed to take into account the rest of his body -- it wasn't ready for the strain. Kelly was dead within hours.  Your machine kills.
 Quiet...
 You don't understand.
 Stop it!
 Why can't you see what I am trying to do?  Why do you stand in my way?
 Logan!
 Ahh, there you are.
 You have to stop him, the machine... it kills people...
 Don't listen to her... it's a trap.
 What is?
 This is.
 ROGUE, DESTROY THE MACHINE!
 BODY.  His flesh starts to SMOLDER.
 Liberty one this is Horizon...  I repeat... do you copy?  Liberty one this is Horizon ... I repeat... do you copy?
 Your girlfriend is next.
 I don't think so.
 Jean!
 Sorry about this sweetheart, but I made Logan a promise.
 Hey, ya big pussy.
 You?
 Not just me.
 Hey...  There you are.  Is it really you?
 Yeah, it's really me.
 Come on, let's get out of here.
 I'm o.k.  I'm o.k.
 Sure you are, sport.
 Hey, could somebody untie me!
 Hey!  Over here.
 Even after last weeks terrorist vandalization of the Statue of Liberty by an unidentified mutant organization, the outcome of the vote was 51 to 49 in opposition to the Mutant Registration Act.
 Quiet.  Quiet everybody.
 This narrow defeat was probably due in large part to the surprising last- minute reversal by Senator Scott "Frank" Kelly, who until today provided the loudest voice in the cry for Mutant Registration.  Earlier today, Kelly had this to say:
 If we can not go into the future together, the divisions of fear and prejudice will tear this country apart.
 No more questions.  Please, no more questions.
 Don't you knock?
 They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone?
 Actually I'm feeling up to leaving.
 Why?  You have a home here now, if you want it.  Everyone will...
 What?... miss me?  Charley, I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me, it won't be soon enough for everyone here.
 Of course.  Everything in this room is for you.
 Thanks, I'll pay you back.
 Well if you're going to leave then you at least owe them a goodbye.
 Excuse me.  Excuse me.
 What's a guy gotta do to get a beer around here?
 I wouldn't really have let you die, you know.  I just needed...
 I know.
 Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night?  The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children?  Take you all away?
 It does indeed, Max.
 And what do you do when you wake up to that?
 I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble.
 But you know that it is a war, old friend.  And to win a war it takes the will to fight it at all costs, by any means necessary.  And for that reason, I will always have the advantage.  No matter how you trap me, how I am contained -
 And I will always be there, old friend.