 Hey -- sorry.
 Leave it
 Did you change your hair?
 No.
 You might wanna think about it
 Hey, Bianca.
 Awesome shoes.
 I'm sure you won't find Padua any different than your old school.  Same little asswipe mother-fuckers everywhere.
 Any questions?
 I don't think so, ma'am
 Then go forth.  Scoot   I've got deviants to see.
 Patrick Verona.  I see we're making our visits a weekly ritual.
 I missed you.
 It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.
 It was a bratwurst.  I was eating lunch.
 With the teeth of your zipper?
 You the new guy?
 So they tell me...
 C'mon.  I'm supposed to give you the tour.
 So -- which Dakota you from?
 North, actually.  How'd you   ?
 I was kidding. People actually live there?
 Yeah.  A couple.  We're outnumbered by the cows, though.
 How many people were in your old school?
 Thirty-two.
 Get out!
 How many people go here?
 Couple thousand. Most of them evil
 We've got your basic beautiful people. Unless they talk to you first, don't bother.
 Those 're your cowboys.
 That I'm used to.
 Yeah, but these guys have never seen a horse.  They just jack off to Clint Eastwood.
 To the right, we have the Coffee Kids. Very edgy.  Don't make any sudden movements around them.
 And these delusionals are the White Rastae.
 Big Marley fans.  Think they're black. Semi-political, but mostly, they watch a lot of Wild Kingdom, if you know what I mean.
 Derek - save some for after lunch, bub?
 Michael, my brother, peace
 So where do you fit in all this?
 Future MBAs-  We're all Ivy League, already accepted.  Someday I'll be sipping Merlot while those guys --
 are fixing my Saab.  Yuppie greed is back, my friend.
 That girl -- I --
 You burn, you pine, you perish?
 Who is she?
 Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't even think about it
 Why not?
 I could start with your haircut, but it doesn't matter.  She's not allowed to date until her older sister does.  And that's an impossibility.
 Well, then.  Oh, yes.  I guess that does it for our analysis of The Old Man and the Sea.  Any other comments?  Kat?
 Why didn't we just read the Hardy Boys?
 I'm sorry?
 This book is about a guy and his fishing habit.  Not exactly a crucial topic.
 Frankly, I'm baffled as to why we still revere Hemingway.  He was an abusive, alcoholic misogynist who had a lot of cats.
 As opposed to a bitter self-righteous hag who has no friends?
 That's enough, Mr. Dorsey.
 I guess the school board thinks because Hemingway's male and an asshole, he's worthy of our time
 What about Colette?  Charlotte Bronte? Simone de Beauvoir?
 Mother Goose?
 Katarina Stratford.  My, my.  You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again.
 Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.
 Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild.  By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested.
 I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls.  I was merely a spectator.
 The point is Kat -- people perceive you as somewhat ...
 Tempestuous?
 No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.
 You might want to work on that
 As always, thank you for your excellent guidance.
 I realize the language of Mr. Shakespeare makes him a bit daunting, but I'm sure you're all doing your best.
 GOD!"
 Ms. Stratford, do you care to comment on what you've read so far?
 Not really.
 Mandella -- since you're assisting us, you might as well comment.  I'm assuming you read the assignment.
 Uh, yeah, I read it all
 The whole play^
 The whole folio.  All the plays.
 You've read every play by William Shakespeare?
 Haven't you?
 The fact that you're cutting gym so you can T.A. Sophomore English just to hear his name, is a little without in itself if you ask me.
 Who's that?
 Patrick Verona   Random skid.
 That's Pat Verona? The one who was gone for a year? I heard he was doing porn movies.
 I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.
 He always look so
 Block E?
 Mandella, eat.  Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.
 Just a little.
 What's this?
 An attempted slit.
 I realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions.  You're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy.
 But imagine the things he'd say during sex.
 Okay, say you do it.  You kill yourself, you end up in wherever you end up and he's there.  Do you really think he's gonna wanna dace a ninety pound compulsive who failed volleyball?
 Virgin alert.
 Lookin' good, ladies.
 Tragic.
 Why do girls like that always like guys like that?
 Because they're bred to.  Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them. Their gene pool is rarely diluted.
 He always have that shit-eating grin?
 Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class.  And a model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out.
 You know French?
 Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada
 Guess who just signed up for a tutor?
 You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?
 You could consecrate with her, my friend.
 The vintage look is over, Kat. Haven't you been reading your Sassy?
 Yeah, and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow.  Tough break.
 They're running the rest of me next month.
 The people at this school are so incredibly foul.
 You could always go with me.  I'm sure William has some friends.
 Need a ride, ladies?
 That's a charming new development
 Remove head from sphincter!  Then pedal!
 You all right?
 Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.
 That's her?  Bianca's sister?
 The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.
 "Undulating with desire, Adrienne removes her crimson cape, revealing her creamy --"
 In the microwave.
 Make anyone cry today?
 Sadly, no.  But it's only four-thirty.
 Where've you been?
 Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
 Hello, precious.
 How touching.
 What's this?  It says Sarah Lawrence?
 I guess I got in
 What's a synonym for throbbing?
 Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country.
 I know.
 I thought we decided you were going to school here.  At U of 0.
 You decided.
 Is there even a question that we want her to stay?
 Ask Bianca who drove her home
 Swollen...turgid.
 Who drove you home?
 Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...
 No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion.
 What if she never starts dating?
 Then neither will you.  And I'll get to sleep at night.
 But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
 This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?
 Enough!
 Do you know what this is?
 The sound of a fifteen-year-old in labor.
 This is why you're not dating until your sister does.
 But she doesn't want to date.
 Exactly my point
 Jesus!  Can a man even grab a sandwich before you women start dilating?
 Tumescent!
 You're not helping.
 Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.
 Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.
 Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.
 Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night?
 You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?
 Forget it.
 No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---
 Cameron.
 The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.
 Seems like she could get a date easy enough...
 Why?
 Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
 That's a shame.
 Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...
 Let me see what I can do.
 You're in school for one day and you ask out the most beautiful girl?  Do you have no concept of the high school social code?
 I teach her French, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.
 Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you.  So what's the point?
 What about him?
 You wanna go out with him?
 No - he could wrangle with the sister.
 What makes you think he'll do it?
 He seems like he thrives on danger
 No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...
 They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology?
 I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers.
 Forget his reputation.  Do you think we've got a plan or not?
 Did she actually say she'd go out with you?
 That's what I just said
 You know, if you do go out with Bianca, you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone. Strictly A-list.  With me by your side.
 I thought you hated those people.
 Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.
 So now all we gotta do is talk to him.
 I'll let you handle that.
 Some people like the Colombian, but it all depends on your acidity preference. Me?  I prefer East African and Indonesian.  You start the day with a Sumatra Boengie or maybe and Ethiopian Sidamo in your cup, you're that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' Cosia Rican or Kona -- you know what I mean?
 Hey, there
 Later, then.
 Hey.
 Are you lost?
 Nope - just came by to chat
 We don't chat.
 Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you.  You know, just to see if you're interested.
 We're not.
 Hear me out.  You want Bianca don't you?
 But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right?
 Does this conversation have a purpose?
 So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her.  Someone who's up for the job.
 Exactly
 Oh, hey, nothin' man   Purely good will on my part.
 I have a dick on my face, don't I?
 You got him involved?
 Like we had a choice?  Besides -- when you let the enemy think he's orchestrating the battle, you're in a position of power. We let him pretend he's calling the shots, and while he's busy setting up the plan, you have time to woo Bianca.
 You're one brilliant guy
 So he has this huge raging fit about Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to his male-dominated, puking frat boy, number one golf team school. I have no say at all.
 William would never have gone to a state school.
 William didn't even go to high school
 That's never been proven
 Neither has his heterosexuality.
 I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming.  Do you mind?
 Does it matter?
 If I was Bianca, it would be, "Any school you want, precious.  Don't forget your tiara."
 Janice Parker told me he was a roadie for Marilyn Manson.
 Janice Parker is an idiot
 I don't understand, Patrick.  You haven't done anything asinine this week. Are you not feeling well?
 Touch of the flu.
 I'm at a loss, then.  What should we talk about? Your year of absence?
 How 'bout your sex life?
 Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?
 What's to discuss?
 You weren't abused, you aren't stupid, and as far as I can tell, you're only slightly psychotic -- so why is it that you're such a fuck-up?
 Well, you know -- there's the prestige of the job title... and the benefits package is pretty good...
 Fine.  Go do something repugnant and give us something to talk about next week.
 Look, it's really easy.
 You're a freedom fighter. Be proud, sister.
 It's Mandella with two L's.  I am not related to Nelson Mandela.  I am not a political figure.  I do not live in South Africa.  My parents just spent a few too many acid trips thinking they were revolutionaries.
 But you freed our people
 Your "people" are white, suburban high school boys who smoke too much hemp.  I have not freed you, Trevor.  Only you can free yourself.
 C'esc ma tete. This is my head
 Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.
 I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
 That's because it's such a nice one.
 Forget French.
 How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?
 Well, there's someone I think might be --
 Show me
 Give me a sign when he walks by.  And don't point.
 There.
 Where?
 I guess he didn't see me  Some other time --
 My God, he's repulsive. He's so perfect!
 What?
 Yeah
 What do you think?
 Two legs, nice rack...
 Yeah, whatever.  I want you to go out with her.
 Sure, Sparky.  I'll get right on it.
 You just said
 You need money to take a girl out
 But you'd go out with her if you had the cake?
 Yeah, I'd take her to Europe if I had the plane.
 You got it, Verona.  I pick up the tab, you do the honors.
 You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?
 I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend.
 How much?
 I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.
 Fine, thirty.
 Take it or leave it.  This isn't a negotiation.
 Fifty, and you've got your man.
 Good run, Stratford.
 Hey. Girlie.
 I mean Wo-man.  How ya doin'?
 Sweating like a pig, actually.  And yourself?
 There's a way to get a guy's attention.
 My mission in life.
 Obviously, I've struck your fancy. So, you see, it worked.  The world makes sense again.
 Pick you up Friday, then
 Oh, right.  Friday.
 The night I take you to places you've never been before.  And back.
 Like where?  The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?
 I know a lot more than that
 Doubtful.  Very doubtful.
 You're no bargain either, sweetheart.
 So I guess the Jeep won't be getting a new Blaupunkt.
 He took the bait.
 Have you ever considered a new look? I mean, seriously, you could have some potential buried under all this hostility.
 I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.
 Can you at least start wearing a bra?
 Hey
 You hate me don't you?
 I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.
 Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.
 And why would I do that?
 Come on -- the ponies, the flat beer, you with money in your eyes, me with my hand on your ass...
 You -- covered in my vomit.
 Seven-thirty?
 Nice ride. Vintage fenders.
 Are you following me?
 I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.
 Hi
 You're not a big talker, are you?
 Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.
 Hey -- do you mind?
 Not at all
 You fucking bitch!
 My insurance does not cover PMS
 Then tell them I had a seizure.
 Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?
 I thought you were punishing me.
 Why can't we agree on this?
 Because you're making decisions for me.
 As a parent, that's my right
 So what I want doesn't matter?
 You're eighteen.  You don't know what you want.  You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.
 I want to go to an East Coast school! I want you to trust me to make my own choices.  I want --
 Christ!  I want a night to go by that I'm not staring a contraction in the face.
 When I shell out fifty, I expect results.
 I'm on it
 Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
 I got her under control. She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image.
 Let me put it to you this way, if you don't get any action, I don't get any action.  So get your ass on hers by the end of the week.
 I just upped my price
 What?
 A hundred bucks a date.
 Forget it.
 Forget her sister, then.
 You better hope you're as smooth as you think you are, Verona.
 Cameron runs a sentence past Bianca.
 La copine et I 'ami?  La diferance?
 A "copine" is someone you can count on. An "ami" is someone who makes promises he can't keep.
 You got something on your mind?
 I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?
 You have my word.  As a gentleman
 You're sweet.
 How do you get your hair to look like that?
 Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.
 You know, I read an article about that.
 You did?
 Say it
 What?
 Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.
 We wanted to talk to you about the plan.
 What plan?
 The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
 What is it with this chick?  She have three tits?
 I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron's love is pure.  Purer than say -- Joey Dorsey's.
 Dorsey can plow whoever he wants. I'm just in this for the cash.
 That's where we can help you.  With Kat.
 So Dorsey can get the girl?
 Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the big picture.  Joey's just a pawn. We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl.
 You two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?
 We're your guys.
 And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.
 Yeah -- we'll see.
 We're in.
 This is it.  A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.
 In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
 Will Bogey get bent?
 Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass.
 Which do you like better?
 I think I like the white shirt
 It's more
 Expensive?
 Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?
 Hopefully.
 Good, 'cause I'm not gonna bother if you won't be there.
 Bianca sits across from Cameron, who's transfixed, as always
 Have you heard about Bogey Lowenstein's party?
 Sure have.
 I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.
 I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
 She's not a...
 Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.
 So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?
 Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
 All right.  What else is she partial to?
 Patrick plays pool with some random deviant cronies.
 Lou, it's okay.  They're with me.
 What've you got for me?
 I've retrieved certain pieces of information on Miss Katarina Stratford I think you'll find helpful.
 What?!
 Good enough.
 Number one.  She hates smokers
 It's a lung cancer issue
 Her favorite uncle
 Dead at forty-one.
 Are you telling me I'm a -  "non-smoker"?
 Just for now.
 Another thing.  Bianca said that Kat likes -- pretty guys.
 What?  You don't think I'm pretty?
 He's pretty!
 Okay!  I wasn't sure
 Okay -- Likes:  Thai food, feminist prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion".
 So what does that give me?  I'm supposed to buy her some noodles and a book and sit around listening to chicks who can't play their instruments?
 Ever been to Club Skunk?
 Yeah.
 Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.
 Don't make me do it, man
 Assail your ears for one night.
 It's her favorite band.
 I also retrieved a list of her most recent CD purchases, courtesy of American Express.
 Michael -- did you get this information "illegally"?
 I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows.
 I'm likin' you guys better
 This is really music?
 Can you turn down the Screaming Menstrual Bitches?  I'm trying to study.
 Don't tell me you're actually going out?  On a school night, no less.
 Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?
 It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
 Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?
 What do you think?
 I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.
 Let's hit it.
 You think this'll work?
 No fear.
 Hello!  We'd like two for Gigglepuss!
 I can count.
 I'll bet you can..
 Go ahead.  And you
 Yes?
 Take it easy on the guys in there.
 Next time, leave the Bic at home, Skippy.
 It's a bottle opener.
 Verona, my man.
 Always a pleasure, Brucie.
 Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?
 Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?
 Never
 Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?
 Just sent 'em through.
 Hey -- what happened to that chick you brought last time?  The one with the snake?
 Hello, out there.  We're Gigglepuss and we're from Olympia.
 Pet my kitty!
 Meow
 I need agua!
 Shit
 What can I get you?
 Two waters.
 You're not fooling anyone.
 hey.  Great show, huh?
 Excuse me?
 That's what you want, isn't it?
 Do you mind?  You're sort of ruining it for me.
 You're not surrounded by your usual cloud of smoke.
 I know.  I quit.
 Oh, really?
 You know, these guys are no Bikini Kill or The Raincoats, but they're right up there.
 You know who The Raincoats are?
 Why, don't you?
 I watched you out there   I've never seen you look like that
 Come to that party with me.
 What?
 You forgot to pay!
 I got it, Rick.
 Nine-thirty then.
 What'd he say?
 Who cares?
 Has he importun'd you with love in honourable fashion?
 Don't be Cruella with me.  I'm in favor of romance.  You're the one that wants to march on Washington every five minutes.
 Gigglepuss was so beyond.
 They were.  I only wish William could have been here to witness the rebirth of punk rock with us.
 So true.
 Cameron and Michael are at Michael's locker.
 So, then she says that she almost didn't wear the Kenneth Coles with that dress because she thought she was mixing, you know, genres. And the fact that I noticed -- and I'm quoting here - "really meant something."
 You told me that part already.
 Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -
 Hey.  Dingo Boingo
 I hear you're helpin' Verona.
 Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend*
 You and Verona?
 What?  We took bathes together when we were kids.
 What's your gig in all this?
 I'm just the new guy.
 You better not fuck this up.  I'm heavily invested.
 Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?
 Is it about me?
 You're completely demented.
 See you next week!
 You two know each other?
 Yeah/No.
 Dear God, stay away from her.  If you two ever decided to breed, evil would truly walk the earth.
 She's obviously not going.
 Daddy, I --
 And where're you going?
 If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.
 Otherwise known as an orgy?
 It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going --
 Do you know about any party? Katarina?
 Daddy, people expect me to be there!
 If Kat's not going, you're not going.
 You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.
 What's normal?
 Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
 What's a Bogey Lowenstein?
 Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
 At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
 Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.
 It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?
 Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
 Girls
 I know about the goddamn party.  I'm going.
 Oh, God.  It's starting.
 It's just a party. Daddy.
 Wear the belly before you go.
 Daddy, no!
 Just for a minute
 I want you to realize the weight of your decisions.
 You are so completely unbalanced.
 Can we go now?
 Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.
 Why?
 Because she'll scare them away.
 Nine-thirty right?
 I'm early.
 I'm driving.
 Who knocked up your sister?
 Nice to see you.  Martini bar to the right, shots in the kitchen.
 Lookin' fresh tonight, Pussy-Kat
 Wait -- was that?-- Did your hairline just recede?
 Where ya goin?
 Away.
 Your sister here?
 Leave my sister alone.
 And why would I do that?
 A fight!
 That was a New Guinea Peaberry, you Folger's-crystals-slurping-buttwipe.
 Just who I was looking for.
 BIANCA
 Drink up, sister.
 What's this?
 "I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
 I say, do what you wanna do.
 Funny, you're the only one
 Moose, my man!  Ranked fifth in the state. Recruiters have already started calling.
 Yo, Clem.  A Patsy Cline fan, but hates the new Leanne Rimes.  Ziggy, peace, bra.  Prefers a water pipe, but has been known to use a bong.
 Follow the love, man
 Where did he go?  He was just here.
 Who?
 Joey.
 Evening, ladies.
 Hi.
 Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
 You know Chastity?
 I believe we share an art instructor
 Great
 Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
 Certainly Pabst?  Old Milwaukee? RaiJieer?
 Surprise me.
 Extremely unfortunate maneuver.
 The hell is that?  What kind of 'guy just picks up a girl and carries her away while you're talking to her?
 Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.
 No, I ' m not.
 She used me!  She wants to go out with Dorsey.  Not me.  I'm an idiot!
 At least you're self-aware
 So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig " that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week.
 Queen Harry?
 It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
 Neat...
 My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
 I'll be right back.
 He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.
 Is he oily or dry?
 Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...
 Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.
 Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?
 All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.
 Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --
 I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
 I want another one
 My man
 It's about time.
 A deal's a deal.
 How'd you do it?
 Do what?
 Get her to act like a human
 Okay?
 I'm fine. I'm
 You're not okay.
 I just need to lie down for awhile
 Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleep
 I know, just let me sleep
 What if you have a concussion? My dog went to sleep with a concussion and woke up a vegetable. Not that I could tell the difference...
 Okay, I'll just sleep but stay awake, okay?
 C'mon, let's walk
 Cameron, I'm a little busy
 It's off. The whole thing.
 What 're you talking about?
 She's partial to Joey, not me
 Cameron -- do you like the girl?
 Sure
 Then, go get her
 This is so patronizing.
 Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
 Why 're you doing this?
 I told you
 You don't care if I die
 Sure, I do
 Why?
 Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.
 Like you could find one
 See that?  Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
 Just let me sit down.
 How's that?
 Jesus.  You're like a weeble
 Why'd you let him get to you?
 Who?
 Dorsey.
 I hate him.
 I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila. You don't seem like the type.
 Hey man. . .  You don ' t think I can be "cool"?  You don't think I can be "laid back" like everyone else?
 I thought you were above all that
 You know what they say
 No. What do they say?
 Shit!
 Jingle Bells! Jingle Belles! Wake up damn it!
 Kat! Wake up!
 What?
 I thought you were...
 Go away
 Dinner taste better on the way out?
 I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
 You're welcome.
 Cute
 A bunch of us are going to Jaret's house.  Wanna come?
 I have to be home in twenty minutes.
 I don't have to be home 'til two.
 Then, c'mon.  Maybe next time --
 Have fun tonight?
 Tons
 Cameron?
 Do you think you could give me a ride home?
 I'm driving, so I get to pick the tunes.
 It's my car.
 And I'm in control of it.
 But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them.  I saw you there.
 When you were gone last year -- where were you?
 Busy
 Were you in jail?
 Maybe.
 No, you weren't
 Then why'd you ask?
 Why'd you lie?
 I should do this.
 Do what?
 This.
 Start a band?
 My father wouldn't approve of that that
 You don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.
 Oh, so now you think you know me?
 I'm gettin' there
 The only thing people know about me is that I'm "scary".
 So what ' s up with your dad?  He a pain in the ass?
 He just wants me to be someone I'm not.
 Who?
 BIANCA
 No offense, but you're sister is without.  I know everyone likes her and all, but ...
 You know -- you're not as vile as I thought you were.
 So, I'll see you in school
 I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be "occupied".
 I was?
 You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
 Well, no...
 Then that's all you had to say.
 But
 You always been this selfish?
 Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you can treat people like they don't matter.
 And I'm back in the saddle.
 Kat, my lady, you sway to the rhythm of my heart.
 Yippe kai-aye, bra.  Dance for me, cowgirl.
 Okay, now tell me again why he didn't shoot the deputy?
 Because the deputy meant him no harm, my friend.  It was only the sheriff that was the oppressor.
 Kat, babe, you were on fire.
 Well now, did everyone have a good weekend?
 Maybe we should ask Verona
 Okay then.  Well.  Oh, yes
 I'd like you all to write your own version of Shakespeare's Sonnet #141.
 Any form you'd like.  Rhyme, no rhyme, whatever.  I'd like to see you elaborate on his theme, however. Let's read it aloud, shall we? Anyone?
 Derek?
 In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes/ For they in thee a thousand errors note/ But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise/ Who in despite of view is pleas 'd to dote.
 Ms. Blaise, can I get the bathroom pass?  Damn if Shakespeare don't act as a laxative on my person.
 Kat and Mandella scrape the peanuts out of their sauce.
 You went to the party?  I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity.
 I didn't have a choice.
 You didn't have a choice?  Where's Kat and what have you done with her?
 I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.
 You didn't
 I got drunk.  I puked.  I got rejected. It was big fun.
 Hey
 So you got cozy with she who stings?
 No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that I'm about to lose.
 What'd you do to her?
 I don ' t know.  I decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it.
 I'm on it
 Hey there.  Tired of breathing?
 Hi.
 Cool pictures.  You a fan?
 Yeah.  I guess.
 You think?
 Oh yeah.
 Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart, courage to make ' B love known?
 Macbeth, right?
 Right.
 Kat a fan, too?
 Yeah...
 So, listen... I have this friend
 She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .  That's a direct quote
 She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day.
 Maybe two.
 You makin' any headway?
 She kissed me.
 Where?
 Don't talk to me about the sweetest date.  That little halo Bianca is gonna be prone and proven on prom night.  Six virgins in a row.
 I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers.  Another hundred for the tux --
 Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I know.
 Take it
 Can you even imagine?  Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?
 Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates .
 Listen to you!  You sound like Betty, all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica.
 Okay, okay, we won't go.  It's not like I have a dress anyway
 You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective.  We're making a statement.
 Oh, good.  Something new and different for us.
 Hey, sweet cheeks.
 Hi, Joey.
 You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
 Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.
 You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
 Your sister is going.
 Since when?
 I'm taking care of it.
 Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine Mystique?  I lost my copy.
 What are you doing here?
 I heard there was a poetry reading.
 You 're so --
 Pleasant?
 Wholesome.
 Unwelcome.
 Unwelcome?  I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
 Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.
 So what did I have an effect on ?
 Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing.
 You were right. She's still pissed.
 Sweet love, renew thy force!
 Man -- don't say shit like that to  me. People can hear you.
 You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
 Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
 What's the worst?
 You get the girl.
 If I go down. I'm takin' her with me
 "This morning, I woke up with this feeling, I didn't know how to deal with, and so I just decided to myself--"
 "I'd hide it to myself.  And never talk about it.  And didn't I go and shout it when you walked into the room --"
 " I think I love you I "
 Nice song, Verona.
 Flog me.
 Excuse me, Mr. Chapin?
 Sir, I'd like to state for the record that Mr. Verona ' s current incarceration is unnecessary.  I never filed a complaint.
 You didn't have to.  He disrupted a classroom.
 But, Mr. Chapin, I hardly think a simple serenade warrants a week of detention.  There are far more hideous acts than off-key singing being performed by the student body on a regular basis.
 You're not gonna change my mind, Kat. Rules stick.
 Wait, Mr. Chapin.  There's something I've always wanted to show you.
 What?
 These.
 I'm going to let that slide, Katarina. But if I catch you doing that again, you'll be in here with the rest of these guys.
 Thank you, Mr. Chapin.
 He left!  I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.
 Look up, sunshine
 I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.
 C'mon.  It's not that bad
 Try lookin' at it from this angle
 Put your right foot there --
 Forget it.  I'm stayin'.
 You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?
 Maybe.
 You shit!
 The Partridge Family?
 I figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect.  And piss you off.
 Good call.
 So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?
 I dazzled him with my wit
 A soft side? Who knew?
 Yeah, well, don't let it get out
 So what's your excuse?
 Acting the way we do.
 Yes
 I don't like to do what people expect. Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change.
 So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?
 Something like that
 Then you screwed up
 How?
 You never disappointed me.
 You up for it?
 For. . . ?
 Damn it!
 Look, Mom
 State trooper?
 Fallacy.
 The duck?
 Hearsay.
 I know the porn career's a lie.
 Do you?
 Tell me something true.
 I hate peas.
 No -- something real.  Something no one else knows.
 You're sweet.  And sexy.  And completely hot for me.
 What?
 No one else knows
 You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?
 Go to the prom with me
 Is that a request or a command?
 You know what I mean
 No.
 No what?
 No, I won't go with you
 Why not?
 Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition.
 People won't expect you to go...
 Why are you doing this?
 All of it -- what's in it for you?
 Create a little drama?  Start a new rumor?  What?
 So I have to have a motive to be with you?
 You tell me.
 You need therapy.  Has anyone ever told you that?
 Answer the question, Patrick
 Nothing!  There's nothing in it for me. Just the pleasure of your company.
 cover that up
 Quick question -- are you going to the prom?
 Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."
 No...
 do you listen to this crap?
 What crap?
 Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
 Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
 I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.
 What good stuff?
 The "real you".
 Like my fear of wearing pastels?
 I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?
 No
 Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
 WAITING.  LOVE, WILLIAM S."
 You're gonna look splendiferous in that, Mandella.
 that's cool to say.
 Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral?
 Pirate -- no question.
 Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --
 The prom?  Kat has a date?
 No, but
 It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?
 He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.
 You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story.
 Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession!
 You know what happens at proms?
 They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home.  Let her go.
 Kissing?  Is that what you think happens?  Kissing isn't what keeps me up to my elbows in placenta all day.
 Come in.
 Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.
 Like you care.
 I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .
 I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
 Joey never told you we went out, did he?
 What?
 In 9th.  For a month
 Why?
 He was, like, a total babe
 But you hate Joey
 Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.
 As in...
 He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.
 You did what?
 Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.
 But
 After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --
 Why didn't you tell me?
 I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
 No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.
 That's not
 I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
 I guess I thought I was protecting you.
 God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
 Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.
 I guess I'll never know, will I?
 Come in.
 Feel like shopping?
 What do you wanna watch?  We've got crap, crap, crap or crap
 Dr. Ruth?
 Hi, Mommy.  WALTER
 Honey, you look beautiful!
 You like?  My date should be here in five.
 I'm missing something.
 I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.
 Wow
 Let's go.
 Have a great time, honey!
 But -- who -- what --?
 Hey, guys. I'm going to the prom. See you in a few.
 What just happened?
 Your daughters went to the prom.
 Did I have anything to say about it?
 Absolutely not.
 That ' s what I thought
 I'm here to pick up Bianca.
 late
 How'd you get a tux at the last minute?
 It's Scurvy's.  His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?
 It's just something I had.  You know
 Oh huh
 Look, I'm  -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives.  I was wrong.
 No prob.
 are you ready?
 C'mon.  Let's get this over with.
 Quite the ostentatious display
 Look, Clem even wore his good boots
 Have you seen him?
 Who?
 William - he asked me to meet him here.
 Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations.
 Mi' lady.
 What are you doing here?
 You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?
 I did.
 And just so you know, my date isn't planning on spending most of the night in his backseat.
 Joey Dorsey is only after one thing - - your cherry. He practically made a public announcement.
 I wanted to tell you
 My grandmother's .
 What?
 That's where I was last year.  She'd never lived alone -- my grandfather died -- I stayed with her.  I wasn't in jail, I don't know Marilyn Manson, and I've never slept with a Spice Girl.  I spent a year sitting next to my grandma on the couch watching Wheel of Fortune.  End of story.
 That ' s completely adorable!
 It gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?
 What's Bianca doing here with that cheese dick?  I didn't pay you to let some little punk ass snake me.
 Feces hitting fan.  C'mon
 Joey, pal, compadre.  Let's take it easy.
 Admit it.  You lost.  Be a man.
 Very uncool, my brother
 I'm not your brother, white boy.
 Just so you know -- she'll only spread her legs once.
 That's for making my date bleed
 That's for my sister.
 And that's for me.
 And that's for the fourth grade, asshole.
 Wait I...
 You were paid to take me out!  By -- the one person I truly hate.  I knew it was a set-up!
 It wasn't like that.
 Really?  What was it like?  A down payment now, then a bonus for sleeping with me?
 I didn't care about the money.
 I cared about --
 You are so not what I thought you were.
 Are you sure you don't want to come with us?  It'll be fun.
 I ' m sure .
 You looked beautiful last night, you know.
 So did you
 She okay?
 I hope so.
 Was that your sister?
 Yeah.  She left with some bikers Big ones.  Full of sperm.
 Funny.
 I don't understand the allure of dehydrated food.  Is this something I should be hip to?
 No, Daddy.
 So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?
 Parts of it.
 Which parts?
 The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.
 Bianca did what?
 What's the matter?  Upset that I rubbed off on her?
 No -- impressed.
 You know, fathers don't like to admit that their daughters are capable of running their own lives.  It means we've become spectators.  Bianca still lets me play a few innings.  You've had me on the bleachers for years.  When you go to Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to watch the game.
 When I go?
 Oh, Christ.  Don't tell me you've changed your mind.  I already sent 'em a check.
 Katarina?
 I'd like to express my apologies.
 For what?
 I didn't mean for you to get -- When Bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend, I had no idea it would turn out so -- ugly. I would never have  done anything to compromise your - - -
 Who can tell me at what point Lucentio admits his deception?
 Family emergency.
 Let go!
 You set me up.
 I just wanted --
 What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?
 No! I just wanted
 Ladies?  Shall we take a trip to my office?
 So you're the real bitch
 Yes!  Okay?  Yes -- I'm the real bitch. I wanted her to get a boyfriend so I could.  Apparently, this makes me a horrible person.  I'm sorry.
 I swear -- I didn't know about the money.  I didn't even know Joey was involved.  I would never intentionally hurt you, Kat.
 Do you care to respond?
 Am I supposed to feel better? Like, right now?  Or do I have some time to think about it?
 Just smack her now.
 We'll be getting back to you.
 What, no hug?
 Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
 It's just you.
 All right.  I'm assuming everyone found time to compose, their poems. Except for Mr. Dorsey, who's still in ICU.
 Would anyone care to read theirs aloud?
 I'11 go
 Oh, Lord.
 Please proceed.
 I hate the way you talk to me/ and the way you cut your hair/ I hate the way you drive my car/ I hate it when you stare.
 I hate your big dumb combat boots/ and the way you read my mind/ I hate you so much it makes me sick/ it even makes me rhyme.
 I hate the way you're always right/ I hate it when you lie/ I hate it when you make me laugh/ even worse when you make me cry/ I hate it that you're not around/ and the fact that you didn't call/ But mostly I hate the way I don ' t hate you/ not even close, not even a little bit, not even any at all.
 A Fender Strat. You bought this?
 I thought you could use it. When you start your band.
 Besides, I had some extra cash. Some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl.
 Is that right?
 Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her.
 You know -- it's not every day you find a girl who'll flash her tits to get you out of detention.
 You can't just buy me a guitar every time you screw up, you know.
 I know
 And don't just think you can
 Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?
 Because I like to torture you.
 Oh, Bianca?  Can you get me my freshman yearbook?
 Don ' t you even dare. . .
 They do to!
 They do not!
 Can someone please tell her that sunflower seeds come from sunflowers?
 I can't remember a word of Shakespeare right now. Isn't that weird?
 You're freaked over this, aren't you?
 He's more than freaked.  He's froke
 I'd like to call your attention to Patrick Verona's stunning bad-ass look of 1995 ---
 Patrick -- is that- a.
 Perm?
 Ask my attorney.